Acrolinx 2/3 (#16966)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/troubleshooting-queued-messaging.md

**Q:** I am trying to use a private queue and I get the following exception: `System.InvalidOperationException`: The URL is invalid. The URL for the queue cannot contain the '$' character. Use the syntax in net.msmq://machine/private/queueName to address a private queue.

> **A:** Check the queue Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) in your configuration and code. Do not use the "$" character in the URI. For example, to address a private queue named OrdersQueue, specify the URI as net.msmq://localhost/private/ordersQueue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Check the queue Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) in your configuration and code. Do not use the "$" character in the URI. For example, to address a private queue named OrdersQueue, specify the URI as `net.msmq://localhost/private/ordersQueue`.
```

## Using Custom MSMQ Bindings with ReceiveContext Enabled

> When using a custom MSMQ binding with <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.ReceiveContext> enabled processing an incoming message will use a thread pool thread because native MSMQ does not support I/O completion for asynchronous <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.ReceiveContext> receives. This is because processing such a message uses internal transactions for <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.ReceiveContext> and MSMQ does not support asynchronous processing. To work around this issue, you can add a <xref:System.ServiceModel.Description.SynchronousReceiveBehavior> to the endpoint to force synchronous processing or set <xref:System.ServiceModel.Description.DispatcherSynchronizationBehavior.MaxPendingReceives%2A> to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a custom MSMQ binding with <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.ReceiveContext> enabled, processing an incoming message uses a thread pool thread because native MSMQ doesn't support I/O completion for asynchronous <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.ReceiveContext> receives. This is because processing such a message uses internal transactions for <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.ReceiveContext> and MSMQ doesn't support asynchronous processing. To work around this issue, you can add a <xref:System.ServiceModel.Description.SynchronousReceiveBehavior> to the endpoint to force synchronous processing or set <xref:System.ServiceModel.Description.DispatcherSynchronizationBehavior.MaxPendingReceives%2A> to 1.
```
